### 1
You have to present about racial set. Prepare a presentation for 5 minutes.  
-> You have a presentation about **different racial groups** in America. Prepare for your **5 minutes of presentation**.  
  
There are many races. I am going to describe this distribution divided by **chart**.   
-> There are many races in America. I will divide this chart and explain this distribution.  
  
First, there are many europian than other races. American indians preserves the nature. However, europians carry on pursuing the benefit which is given by the nature. For example, they build a dam. Finally, Metropolitan is built.  
-> **To begin with**, Europians **outnumber** other racial groups. **Native americans** preserved nature. Europians kept on pursuing benefits from nature. Theyalso **set up** dams. **After all**, big towns were built.  
  
The second majority is Mexican. Mexico shares the border with America. So, they are coming.  
-> The second majority is Mexican people. Mexico shares **national borders** with America. **Therefore**, they keep coming.  
  
Next, three minority keeps 13%. Asian came to America to find a job. They settled to call their family. More asian still come to America.  
-> three minority groups **account for** 13%. Asian people **first** came to America to find work. As they **settled down** in America, they called their families. Still, more Asian people are visiting America.  
  
American black forced to came to America. They were jailed and couldn't get away from the slave. To stuggle for a long time, they had retrieved the freedom. Somebody went back to their hometown but the most stayed.  
-> **African Americans** **were brought into** America forcibly. They were **locked**, so they could not get away from **slavery condition**. After **years of efforts**, they had their freedom back. Some people went back home, but **most of them** stayed in America.  
  
American indians live in a specific area. They can move to the big city but they prefer to stay. This is why they part of 1% of the whole population.   
-> Native Americans in certain areas. They can move to **a large city**, but they prefer to stay. This is why they **have only 1%**.  
  
In summary, This chart shows American's racial population distribution. In fact, each ratio of racial population is still changing.
-> To summarize, this chart shows the distribution of racial groups. In fact, the percentage of each racial group **keeps changing**.  
</hr>  
- work, job ?  
- specific, certain ?  
